Tree MEX
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/TREEMX
Drag Racing
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/DRGRAC
I Promised to Fight for the Living
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/PROMLIV
Conquer Beyond the Wall
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/SATY0000
Game of Theory
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/MINIMAX2
Query Game
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/QUERGAME
Sum of Digits
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/SUMDIGIT
Roman Routing
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/UWCOI21G
Minimum Divisibility Set
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/MDIVSET
Clique Boolean Expression
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/CCNF
Hill Sequence
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/HILLARR
Prime Cycle
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/PRIMECYC
Hot Meals and Queues
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/HOTMEALS
Isomorphic Morphism
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/MORPH21
City Mapping 2
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/UWCOI21E
On Graphs, Probability Theory and Cakes
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/ANTUTREE
Sequence Creation
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/ARCRT
Substring Probability
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/SUBPROB
Binary Game
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/BINARYGA
Adding on Segments
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/ADDONSEG
Cheapest Travel Plan
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/CARPD
Bash Matrix
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/BASH
Cell Shell
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/MEOW1234
Graph Labelling
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/GPHLBL
Move the Coins - Creating Tests
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/MVCN2TST
Ppeerrffeecctt Ssqquuaarreess
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/PERFSQRS
Decorate It
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/DCRTIT
Permutation Distance
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/PERMDIST
Jumping Fever
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/JMPFVR
Quest for Dragon Balls
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/SHENQ
Random Walk Queries
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/RWALKS
TreeLand Journey
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/JRNTREE
Mathison and the cubic tree
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/MATCUT
Subway Ride
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/SUBWAY
Tree Walk
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/TREEWLK2
Elephants in a Pond
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/ELEPPOND
Jake and His Halloween challenge
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/NINENINE
Metro
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/CLMTRO
Paths
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/CLTREE
Points and Convex Hulls
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/CNVX4HUL
The Frictionless Bisected 2-Dimensional World
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/TFB2DW
Optimal Splitting
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/OPTSPL
Edgy
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/EDGY
Winter Is Here
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/WINHERE
Our Enemy does not Tire
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/ENETIRE
Ada Pawns
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/ADAPWN
Dipole Moment
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/EXUNF
D-Function
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/DFNC
Tweedle Graph
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/TWEGRA
Beautiful Walk
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/SMTOUR
What is this, a crossover episode
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/COLPOLLY
A Complex Graph Problem
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/COMPLEXG
Optimal Memory Address
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/UWCOI20G
Chef, Chefina and Restoration
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/RESTCH
Phineas and Marks
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/CLMARKS
Special power strings
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/SPPSTR
Chefina and Swaps
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/CHEFPART
The Chosen One
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/KGCD
Red-Black Boolean Expression
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/RB2CNF
Circle Coloring
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/CIRCOLOR
Tree Labelling
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/LABEL
The New Restaurant
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/CIRCLEQ
Catch Spider-Chef
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/CATCHSM
Racing Refuels
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/REFUELS
Company Club Membership
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/SHDWCMP
The Kingdom of Ererraveth
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/CLERVT
Grammar Distance
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/GDIST
Chef and Alien Invasion
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/ALIENCOW
Bins in a Circle
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/CIRCBIN
Ada Rooks
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/ADAROKS
The Prestige
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/XYPRESQ
Perfect Tree Problem
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/PTREE
Misplaced Signs
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/SWAPSIGN
GCD Subsequences
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/GCDS
They are COMING
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/THCOM
Beauty of Pairs
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/BOFP
Magical Menu
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/MGICMENU
Black-and-White Tree
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/BLWHTREE
Servers
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/SRVR
Cumulative Palindrome Count
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/CUPACO
Gru and his Robbery of Mars
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/GRUMARS
CCDSAP Exam
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/CCDSAP
Chef and Array
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/RECNDARY
Cool Subsets
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/COOLSBST
Mysterious Ratio
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/RNDRATIO
Xor Counting
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/XORCOUNT
Safety in Treeland
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/SAFETR
Min-Max String
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/MINMXSTR
Chef and Modular Sequence
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/CHEFMOD
XOR-ed Palindromes
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/XORPALIN
Swarm of Polygons
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/SWARM
Fun and Functions
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/FFUNCT
Number Isomorphism
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/ISONUM
Intervals and subarrays
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/ANKINTER
Sereja and Tree
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/SEATR
In a planet far far away
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/KOL1501
Rain vs City
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/RAINFALL
Sebi and the equation 2
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/SEQUAT2
Optimal Subset
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/OPTSSET
Subsegment Sum
https://www.codechef.com/problems/medium/problems/SEGSM
